The GitLab Enterprise Edition (EE) license (the “EE License”)
Copyright (c) 2011-2017 GitLab B.V.

This software and associated documentation files (the "Software") may only be
used if you (and any entity that you represent) have agreed to, and are in
compliance with, the GitLab Subscription Terms of Service, available at
https://about.gitlab.com/terms/#subscription (the “EE Terms”), and otherwise
have a valid GitLab Enterprise Edition subscription for the correct number of
user seats. Subject to the foregoing sentence, you are free to modify this
Software and publish patches to the Software. You agree that GitLab and/or its
licensors (as applicable) retain all right, title and interest in and to all
Software incorporated in such modifications and/or patches, and all such
Software may only be used, copied, modified, displayed, distributed, or
otherwise exploited with a valid GitLab Enterprise Edition subscription for the
correct number of user seats.  Subject to the foregoing, it is forbidden to
copy, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell the Software.

This EE License applies only to the part of this Software that is not
distributed as part of GitLab Community Edition (CE), and that is not a file
that produces client-side JavaScript, in whole or in part. Any part of this
Software distributed as part of GitLab CE or that is a file that produces
client-side JavaScript, in whole or in part, is copyrighted under the MIT Expat
license. The full text of this EE License shall be included in all copies or
substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
